check Allen kita says when a suspected
intruder targeted his Indianapolis home
he couldn't see who was there because
he's blind he's gonna go check the see
you know someone knocking at the door or
something and as soon as I opened the
bedroom door and stepped through I ran
right into the guy what the suspect
didn't realize kita says is that he is a
former wrestler and the son of a Marine
as seen in this reenactment video kita
says he grabbed a knife from the kitchen
to protect himself the pair fought for
40 minutes kita has the skinned knuckles
to prove it he didn't let up he says
because he feared for his life I was
asking why I was looking for Mike and I
go you're Kat you're in my house once
the man was subdued kita called 911
hang up they break in has he hurt you in
any way are you trying to fight with you
at all right now 25 year-old Castro
Alvaro was arrested for the class D
felony of residential entry and spent
the day in the hospital before being
released he told police he's a friend of
Keita's daughter and was looking for a
cat as for Allen kita
he still has the jacket from his days as
a high school wrestler and now hopes
he's won his final bout for today Kevin
Tibbles NBC News Chicago and Allen kita
is here with his wife Cathy daughter
Alexandra and son Allen good morning to
all of you who are you feeling pretty
good you are not as sore as I was the
first couple of days but pretty good
didn't describe the first couple of
minutes of this struggle this encounter
it just sounds unbelievable you walk
into the hallway and BAM this guy's on
you it was and I and I keep thinking I
was even thinking about that last night
hey you know what what happened I'm not
sure he attacked me it was just as soon
as I ran into him it was just like a war
started and it was like mayhem for the
first few seconds until I was able to
get him down and then things started
calming down a little bit he were able
to get him down you
you were a wrestler yeah back in the day
a good one by the way a champion
wrestler and so you found a way to get
this guy on the ground but again not
being able to see he's got a huge
advantage over you how are you able to
neutralize this guy well in wrestling
you have to get control of them and by
doing that you have to go forward or you
have to turn we were in the hallway so
there wasn't any way to circling so I
basically just came straight at him
until I could get a hold of him and then
pulling down and I was on top of that I
want to mention something because you
think about how tired if anybody's ever
been in the fight after 30 seconds
you're exhausted this struggle went on
for 30 or 40 minutes and it went from
the kitchen to the laundry room the
hallway all these rooms finally you get
in the kitchen with this guy after using
this trick your father taught you when
he grabbed his belt right and you
basically lifted him up so he fell
forward right you managed to find a
knife mm-hmm in the kitchen and I was
thinking as I read this Alan
thank God you found the knife and he
didn't get the knife where'd you find
this knife was it in a drawer was it out
in the open well you know where
everything is yes I love the cook and
it's sitting right beside the stove on
the right that the kind of a hot thing
was all there was the only one knife
left and it was a big one all the others
were in the dishwasher so it was really
easy to find it was the only one there
sticking out of the wood block after you
held the knife to this guy and you got
him down for a while and you start to
try to dial nine-one-one and like 20
attempts with your left hand is it true
that at some point he said to you look
if you won't kill me I'll actually dial
the phone for you
I think what it was as I was getting
frustrated so my right hand just kept
getting tighter and tighter on his neck
and and I kept trying and trying I was
getting frustrated and oh and he and
that's when he said I will please let me
dial it and don't kill me
Alain Alexandre Cathy when you hear this
story is this something you thought yeah
you know what that's pretty much the way
I thought it would go if dad ever got
attacked or does this surprise even you
kind of surprising that he struggled for
that long but he's pretty beast like so
he's B spline kid
and so the only blood after all of this
struggle knife to the throat 3040
minutes was the intruders right okay you
really didn't get cut in this at all ah
no I lost a little bit of height on my
knuckles and I don't think they were
bleeding so I like jaw was really sore
the next day you got a couple shots but
you went to work and and your your
co-workers give you some trophies a good
sense of humor these guys and is there
anything when you look first of all who
was this guy did we know I know he's in
jail what was he looking for I can only
assume that it turns out that afterwards
that we found out that he actually was
one of the workers that we had hire to
do some lawn service which you know it
was in the neighborhood so and that was
like three years ago and he had
befriended my son and my daughter so you
know he kind of knew the lay of the land
I can only assume that he thought and I
should have been at work I was working a
day off I can only assume he thought it
was gonna be a real easy easy pickins
yeah so you think back on anything you
would have done differently I know
hindsight's 20/20 is there anything you
would have done differently in this
struggle when the dog was barking and
she was really agitated I probably
should have been a little more cautious
like maybe not just open the door and
charge down the hallway maybe just
hindsight say you know what there might
be someone in the house and and get the
phone before I start yeah walking around
in the house I think I was extremely
lucky that he didn't have a weapon are
the doors locked now yes doors open in
the house anymore when were there even
when you're there that's good news look
I'm just happy you're okay and it's an
extraordinary story and an extraordinary
feat that you pulled off so Alan thanks
very much for being here Kathy Alexandra
and Alan thank you very much be very
proud of your dad yeah yeah I can
imagine
thanks laughter you're okay